Director Gu, I will listen to you in everything.
Uncle Gu, I fell from the sand when I was a child.
I don't remember a lot of things.
I only remember that I was adopted and grew up,
There is also the half-athlete who has been with me since before I was raised.
Sister Tianling fell down the mountain sand, and she would definitely not be able to reach the mountains and seas.
The occurrence of amnesia is also very long.
Every day, it’s fine if people don’t set it up,
Most of them are, let’s take our time.
That half piece of jade
When Gu Xing comes back, I will give you the ring at my house.
That one belongs to my Gu family
Paper style jade accessories
What red thing did you bring up?
It's even more difficult to change it with one's own hands.
You need to keep one, right?
No wonder I think that yellow son of God
Very beautiful. I want to pass it.
Am I wrong? Tiantian
You don't remember it anyway
The Son of God with a Jade Match
It's red